---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "E1: UI Basics Technical Essay"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2023-01-30
published: true
labels:
  - WOD
---

For all of the WODs I began by reading the instructions to get a fair understanding of what I needed to do. After that, I would make attempts to finisht the WOD with no
time limit, simply trying to see if I could finish the assignment and have an understanding of what I needed to do. If I was truly stuck, I would use the screencast solution
to help me understand and "complete" the WOD under no pressure. After "completing" my WOD for the first time, I would then start making attempts. I used the xbox 
gamebar on my computer to record the WODs, so there were no problems in my recording from what I can tell. If I didn't do any of the steps correctly, I would try to
correct them mid video, or would simply restart to refresh my mind. I got fairly proficient in my understanding of what I needed to do, so I ended up finishing my WODs
fairly quickly.

<br>

Although I repeated this process for all of my WODs, it took a pretty long time to actually complete them, factoring in all the time spent playing around with them on my
own. I would suggest jumping straight into the WODs and then looking at the screencast solution for inspiration. In that way, you at least tried the WODs before looking at
the solution. The solution will also not necessarily have the same code you used as well, but they might help you. If you have a lot of other classes which are assigning
homework, I recommend jumping straight into the WODs to cut down on the time you're spending on this assignment. I took three attempts for BrowserHistory1 and 2, and 2 
attempts for BrowserHistory3, and I still kinda wish I cut down on those numbers to have more time.
