---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "E3: Preparing for WODs Technical Essay"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2023-02-19
published: true
labels:
  - WOD
---

The WOD that I am writing this technical essay about was Invoice1, where we had to make a sales receipt containing the five different products on the WOD. The link is
here: https://github.com/RaysAlpha/ITM352_S23_repo/blob/main/WODs/Invoice1/invoice.html. Overall, I had a fairly simple time setting up the variables after reviewing the
reading and slides. Actually setting up the variables helped me to understand how much more convenient it was to use them over hard coding, and it also helped to 
read the code easier afterhand.

<br>

For my preparations for this WOD, I decided to jump right in and do my attempts. I actually got stumped on the .toFixed step originally, but used the screencast to 
understand where to use it to fix the number of decimals of the variables. After that, it was pretty smooth sailing. For my preparations, other than the readings, 
presentation, and reading of the WOD instructions beforehand, I didn't do other preparations, and just went in to attempt the WOD. I think that I can prep for my next 
WOD better by more carefully looking up the steps that were confusing beforehand. If I had known where to use .toFixed() beforehand, that wouldn't have messed up my 
first attempt at the WOD. Like mentioned in my previous essay, I should probably play around without the timer first to get a better understanding of what I need to do
 with the code in advance.
