---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "E5: Reflecting on Assignment 2 Technical Essay"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2023-04-22
published: true
labels:
  
---

1) Provide a brief introduction to the assignment along with a link to this page for further details<br>
Assignment 2 had us making an online store page with some level of personalization and security. Users needed to be able to register with an account, and be capable of
logging in with the account information they input. My repo is currently not set to public so I do not know how you want me to link it. I'll just put it <a href="https://github.com/RaysAlpha/ITM352_S23_repo/tree/main/Tran_Dylan_Assignment2">here</a>
for the ta's to see.
<br>

2) What did you learn from this assignment?<br>
I learned about making user data persistent by saving it to be used again, as well as implementing my code in a sequence to allow users to register accounts or login
before being able to access their invoice.
<br>

3) Did you work with a partner? Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself).<br>
I originally worked with a partner, but ended up splitting and completing our own assignments.
<br>

4) How did you get help when you needed it? What did you need help with?<br>
When I needed help, I used outside sources such as ChatGPT and Stack Exchange to help me decide on what I wanted my processes to look like. I also asked my friends in
the class for help when I needed it.
<br>

5) How was developing this assignment different than assignment #1?<br>
This assignment is different because you are focusing more now on registration, logging in, and security rather than the basic store operations in assignment 1.
<br>

6) Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging<br>
I probably spent 20% of the time thinking about how to do something, 30% of the time writing the code and 50% of my time headbashing against the keyboard until I figured
out why my code wasn't working(test & debug).
<br>

7) Describe what worked well with this project? What did not work well?<br>
Personally, I was not as well prepared for this assignment, so not much went well. I struggled with everything and took a long time to understand my mistakes. I also
wasn't able to allocate enough time to solve all of my problems, leaving some errors. I also outright was stumped on how to fix some of my problems, so I didn't complete 
them.
<br>
8) If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you do differently?<br>
I think that I would utilize the resources available to me for help more. I should probably have communicated with Professor Port and the TA's for some extra help to
figure out and possibly solve my problems.
