---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "E6: Evaluation Guidelines and Class Retrospective BLOG"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2023-05-12
published: false
labels:
  
---

1) Briefly describe your system (e.g. A store selling Pokemon game cards)<br>
The system is a store that sells instruments, mouthpieces for the instruments, and other supplies that band or orchestra players or conductors may need.
<br>

2) Any notable shortcomings, bugs, problems, or additional features not implemented?<br>

<br>

3) Describe what you are most proud of about your system:<br>
I am proud of the fact that the cart actually tracks the products added to it across all of the pages.
<br>

4) Describe what you are least happy with your system:<br>

<br>

5) How was developing this assignment different than assignment #2?<br>
This assignment felt like a lot of thought needed to be put into it to really bring things together. There was more planning involved, but that didn't make it necessarily easier,
there was still a lot to deal with.
<br>

6) When you ran into a problem, what did you do to address it?<br>
I asked Professor Port for help, used more sources for help such as ChatGPT, or my friends to get clarity on how the code needed to work and get inspiration or code to modify.
<br>

7) Describe what worked well in doing this assignment?<br>
I think that getting help from outside sources was much more successful for this assignment, as my schedule began to clear up as finals were completed, so I could focus on 
the assignment more.
<br>
8) Describe what did not work well in doing this assignment?<br>

<br>

9) What did you learn from doing this assignment?<br>
I learned that I still do not have a very algorithmic mindset to code that well. Many of my problems were actually solved by rearranging the code that I already had, making
 me realize that I still don't have the mindset to apply the code correctly, unfortunately.
<br>

10) If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you change?<br>
I am not sure what I would do differently. I probably would need to have reworked my entire schedule for this semester to have been able to invest more effort into this class.
<br>

11) Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging<br>
30% thinking, 10% writing code, 60% testing and debugging.
<br>

12) Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself) and explain briefly your rationale for the percentage 
breakdown. Be sure to include an overview of what specifically you and your partners contributed (e.g. “I worked on the security and my partner 1 worked on personalization”)<br>
